AGP-87: AraCon 2020 (#87)
aragon/AGPs: AGPs/AGP-Aracon2020.md

---
AGP: N/A

> Title: Aracon 2020

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: AraCon 2020
```

Author: @stefanobernardi
Status: Stage III
Track: Finance
Created: 2019-10-01
---

> # AGP-AC: Aracon 2020

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# AGP-AC: AraCon 2020
```

## Address of the transfer recipient

> - An ad-hoc Aracon DAO, or the Events DAO

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An ad-hoc AraCon DAO, or the Events DAO. The Aragon Association will provide an address.
```

> - An ad-hoc AraCon DAO, or the Events DAO. The Aragon Association will provide an address.

Reviewer: When will the address be provided?

(It's a bit of a contrived question because this is the AA giving itself money to do this, but just wondering if you are planning to add the address to the proposal)

Author: We don't have one as of now, as the members would still be in flux. As you state, given that it's the AA shifting its own resources, it makes sense to wait and make sure that the DAO that gets deployed is perfect - so if possible, we'd provide an address in the coming weeks.

## Amount of the transfer

> - Up to €295k equivalent of DAI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Up to €295,000 equivalent of DAI
```

## Number and frequency of transfers if recurring

> - One time transfer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One-time transfer
```

> - What wouldn't be used, would be returned to the main multisig

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unused funds will be returned to the Aragon Association's multisig (`0xcafe1a77...`)
```

> Unused funds will be returned to the Aragon Association's multisig (`0xcafe1a77...`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unused funds will be returned to the Aragon Association's multisig (`0xcafe1a77e84698c83ca8931f54a755176ef75f2c`)
```

> - Fiat expenses would be incurred by the Association and reimbursed by the DAO to the AA DAO

Reviewer: Would prefer this to be more specific about what "the DAO" refers to and what the "AA DAO" refers to (for people who lack context, and for the sake of precision).

Author: Fixed

## Purpose of the transfer

> - To fund the development of Aracon 2020

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To fund the execution of AraCon 2020
```

## Recipient information

- An internal DAO managed by the Aragon Association

> # Aracon 2020

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# AraCon 2020
```

At this time, the #1 choice would be **Lisbon**, while keeping the "easier" option of replicating Berlin in case we are not able to find something that could have the level of execution we had this year.

Lisbon is interesting because of its ease of access and logistics, its growing scene, the availability of venues, and still reasonable prices.
Conflicting conferences are also a major factor, and we are in touch with the organizers of EthLisbon and the Lisbon Blockchain Week, which would happen at around the same time. It seems like a good idea to combine the efforts.

This is still not set in stone, and we could reconsider to somewhere else if there was some particularly good reason to.

## Agenda
We are planning on switching a bit the format. 2019 was a 2 day event, and while it was awesome, it is a big commitment from people that are not 100% focused on Aragon. Therefore, the plan would be to switch to a 1+1 event agenda. One main day of conference, and a smaller second day event to be filled with community meetings, workshops, demos, and similar content.
This should help reduce the costs associated with the venue and the food.

## Organizers

> We have been lucky to be able to re-confirm the 2019 organizer, Lucija Matic, who would be ready to take care of the full organization of the conference, with the help of the Aragon team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have been lucky to be able to re-confirm the 2019 organizer, Lucija Matic, who would be ready to take care of the full organization of the conference, with help from other community members.
```
